<f:view xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:pm="http://primefaces.org/mobile" contentType="text/html"
	encoding="utf-8">

	
	<h:outputText value="Abc" />
	<p:commandLink>
		<h:graphicImage name="images/plain_sign_in_black.png"
		 id="signin" onclick="doBrowserIdLogin();"/>
	</p:commandLink>





<script src="https://login.persona.org/include.js"></script>
<script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.10.2.min.js"></script>

	<script type="text/javascript">
	var currentUser = 'bob@example.com';

	navigator.id.watch({
	  loggedInUser: currentUser,
	  onlogin: function(assertion) {
	    // A user has logged in! Here you need to:
	    // 1. Send the assertion to your backend for verification and to create a session.
	    // 2. Update your UI.
	    $.ajax({ 
	      type: 'POST',
	      url: 'login', // This is a URL on your website.
	      data: {assertion: assertion},
	      success: function(res, status, xhr) { window.location.reload(); },
	      error: function(xhr, status, err) {
	        navigator.id.logout();
	        alert("Login failure: " + err);
	      }
	    });
	  },
	  onlogout: function() {
	    // A user has logged out! Here you need to:
	    // Tear down the user's session by redirecting the user or making a call to your backend.
	    // Also, make sure loggedInUser will get set to null on the next page load.
	    // (That's a literal JavaScript null. Not false, 0, or undefined. null.)
	    $.ajax({
	      type: 'POST',
	      url: 'logout', // This is a URL on your website.
	      success: function(res, status, xhr) { window.location.reload(); },
	      error: function(xhr, status, err) { alert("Logout failure: " + err); }
	    });
	  }
	});
	
	var signinLink = document.getElementById('signin');
	if (signinLink) {
	  signinLink.onclick = function() { navigator.id.request(); };
	}

	var signoutLink = document.getElementById('signout');
	if (signoutLink) {
	  signoutLink.onclick = function() { navigator.id.logout(); };
	}
	
	</script>



</f:view>
